Important Questions

What is Soft Computing? Explain it is different from hard computing, and its application Or  Discuss problem solving techniques? 
Discuss different techniques used in Soft Computing, its applications?
 Difference between BNN and ANN? 
Explain Biological Neural network in terms of Axom, Synapse, dendrites, Synaptic Gap?
What is Percetron Model, and explain activation function, NET, Target output, Actual output, Error?
 Explain Delta Rule in brief?
Explain McCulloch–Pitts Neuron in brief?
Define and explain the meaning of term “Artificial Intelligence”?
Differentiate AI problems Vs Conventional problems?
Explain Production System its applications and types?
Explain Depth First Search, Best First Search, Breadth First Search?
Explain Hill Climbing Procedure and its applications?
Explain A* and AO* algorithm?
What are the important issues in knowledge representation?
Explain Linear Seprability using an example? Or Is XOR Gate Linear Separable?
Explain Hebb Learning in brief?
Explain Learning in Neural Network? Or Explain Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Reinforcement Learning?
Explain ADALINE and MADALINE Network?
Explain Gradient Descent method?
Explain Backpropagation Training Algorithm in brief, and discuss applications of it?
Explain Radial Basis Function Network (RBFN) in brief?
Discuss Associative Memory in brief?
Discuss Unsupervised Learning Networks? Short note on KSOM, CPN, ART?
What is Competitive Learning?
 Differentiate between ART1 and ART2?
Discuss Boltzmann Machine in brief?
What are Applications of Neural network?
Explain Feature map? Discuss Kohonen Self Organization Map(KSOM) in brief?
Explain Counter Propagation in Brief? Explain full counter and feed counter propagation network?
Explain Adaptive Resonance Theory (ART) , and also explain ART1 and ART2?
Explain Fuzzy Logic, fuzzy set?
Explain Fuzzy Set Vs Crisp Set?
Explain Membership function, fuzzy set, fuzzy if-then Rules?
 Explain Fuzzy Inference System (FIS)?
 Explain Mamdani model and Takagi model?
Explain neuro fuzzy hybrid, neuro genetic hybrid and fuzzy genetic hybrid system?
Explain Genetic Algorithm in term of individual, gene, fitness, population, encoding, selection, crossover, mutation?
Explain different type of cross over operation?
Explain Generalized Modus Ponen and Generalized Modus Tonen?
 Explain Modus ponen, modus tonen, if-then rule?
 Explain Max-min Composition and Max-product composition?
Explain Union, Intersection, complement operations of fuzzy set?
 Explain Classical set Vs Fuzzy Set?
Comparison between Mamdani and Takagi Model?
 How Genetic Algorithm is different from traditional algorithms?
 Explain Genetic algorithm in terms of Reproduction, Selection, Evaluation and Replacement?
Write short notes on Roulette wheel Selection, Random selection, Tournament Selection, Boltzman Selection?
Discuss Crossover operation in GA and its types?
Discuss Mamdani Model for FIS?
Discuss Takagi Model for FIS?
 Discuss different Defuzzification methods?
 Difference between fuzzification and defuzzfication?
Explain following terms Core, Boundary, Support in term of Fuzzy Logic?
 Explain Fuzzy Expert System?
Discuss different encoding techniques used for GA?
